## Measuring the Prevalence of Anti-Social Behavior in Online Communities.
###### Joon Sung Park, Joseph Seering, Michael S. Bernstein. 2022. Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (CSCW ’22). 
<br>
#### Background
This repository accompanies our CSCW'22 paper, "Measuring the Prevalence of Anti-Social Behavior in Online Communities," by Joon Sung Park, Joseph Seering, and Michael S. Bernstein. In it, we measured how much of the comments on Reddit are "macro-norm" violating and thus likely should have been moderated, and how much of them were actually moderated. We find that around 1 in 20 comments on the 97 most popular subreddits violate at least one of the macro norms, and only 5% of those violating comments are actually moderated. 

This repository includes two ingridients that could help you conduct such measurement studies yourself: 1) the code for gathering the moderated comments and their content from Reddit subcommunities, and 2) the model for classifying "macro-norm" violating comments (those that are historically moderated in a majority of 100 most popular subreddits). We will layout how to run the code and model included in this README page. Please consider checking out our paper in the CSCW proceeding or the abstract below to learn more about our work and the method we used: 

> Paper abstract: With increasing attention to online anti-social behaviors such as personal attacks and bigotry, it is critical to have an accurate accounting of how widespread anti-social behaviors are. In this paper, we empirically measure the prevalence of anti-social behavior in one of the world's most popular online community platforms. We operationalize this goal as measuring the proportion of unmoderated comments in the 97 most popular communities on Reddit that violate eight widely accepted platform norms. To achieve this goal, we contribute a human-AI pipeline for identifying these violations and a bootstrap sampling method to quantify measurement uncertainty. We find that 6.25% (95% Confidence Interval [5.36%, 7.13%]) of all comments in 2016, and 4.28% (95% CI [2.50%, 6.26%]) in 2020-2021, are violations of these norms. Most anti-social behaviors remain unmoderated: moderators only removed one in twenty violating comments in 2016, and one in ten violating comments in 2020. Personal attacks were the most prevalent category of norm violation; pornography and bigotry were the most likely to be moderated, while politically inflammatory comments and misogyny/vulgarity were the least likely to be moderated. This paper offers a method and set of empirical results for tracking these phenomena as both the social practices (e.g., moderation) and technical practices (e.g., design) evolve.

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1MYdPMYpUtM4VKNmK5AaCbxS-u3t6QT9Y?usp=sharing
